My favourite place for breakfast is SIS Deli+Cafe at Kalevankatu 4, 00100 Helsinki. They do an all-you-can-eat buffet breakfast that is varied and delicious. They're open at 9 am on a Sunday, and 7 am on weekdays. The city has lots of cake shops, and we can keep any eye out for them in our wanderings.

There's a 2 hour sightseeing bus tour of Helsinki that runs at 11 am and 1.30 pm, which is included in the Helsinki card. I did this on my very first visit, and it was a really good introduction.

My favourite museum is the Kiasma contemporary art museum - https://kiasma.fi/en/ - which is very central and open from 10-5 on a Sunday. It *did* disappoint me last year with a very pretentious exhibition about the internet, but the current program looks much better, and includes some Grayson Perry work.

As far as obscure museums go, you might enjoy the Arabia design museum - http://www.designmuseum.fi/en/museums/ - which is at the end of a tramline and covers classic Finnish designs for ceramics and glassware. It's open from 10am-4pm on a Sunday.

I've also enjoyed the Photography Exhibition - https://www.valokuvataiteenmuseo.fi/en/exhibitions/current-exhibitions which I've only been to once, when it had an interesting exhibition about the proliferation of photography with the internet. It's a bit outside town (though fairly close to our Airbnb) and would involve a Metro ride or the tram. It's open from 11 am-6 pm.

I see there's also a cemetery near the Photography Museum (and very, very near our Airbnb), which is open until 8 pm. I've never been there.

And there's also the Stockmann department store at Aleksanterinkatu 52, 00100 Helsinki, which I think is one of the great department stores of the world. It's open to 7 pm on Saturday, from 11 am-6 pm on Sundays, and from 9 am on weekdays. We could drop in there on Sunday, and then maybe again first thing on Monday.

Thursday 16th
I arrive in Helsinki in the afternoon and get settled in the airbnb
The address of the Airbnb is Eerikinkatu 42 21, Helsinki, 00180, Finland. It's on the west of the centre, about 15 minutes walk from the train station.

I buy 48-hour Helsinki Cards for both of us: https://www.helsinkicard.com/
These cover unlimited transport, including to and from the airport, all the main museums, and sightseeing tours by bus and boat. I've bought these several times, and got great value out of them.

Saturday 18th

I meet you at the airport after your 4.20 pm arrival, and give you your Helsinki card. We get the train into town and walk to the Airbnb.

We could check out the cemetery before dinner, either on Saturday or Sunday.

8.30 pm, we are booked for dinner at Aino restaurant: http://www.ravintolaaino.fi/en/
They do a terrific traditional set menu, with recommended wines with each course. It's a real treat. Actually, now that we know we have all of Sunday to ourselves, it *might* make more sense to change the booking to the Sunday evening, so we're not stressing about getting  back from the airport in time on Saturday. What do you think? They have availability for a range of times on Sunday, from 5 pm up to 8.30 pm.

Sunday 19th

A possible combination is...
Breakfast at SIS cafe (or at the Airbnb if you prefer)
Tram from around the corner from SIS cafe to the Arabia design museum, aiming to arrive soon after 10.
Back to town in time for lunch.
1.30 pm sightseeing bus
A museum (or 2 if we're really energetic)
Dinner

Monday 20th

Checkout time at the Airbnb is 11 am.
Almost all museums are closed on Mondays, so our options are limited.

10.30 - take the 90 minute boat ride around the local islands and canals. This is included in the Helsinki card. I've done it a couple of times, and it's great.

12.30 Meeting Sarah F for lunch as Stringberg: Pohjoisesplanadi 33, 00130 Helsinki, Finland: http://www.strindberg.fi/en/front-page/
I've never been there, but it looks very nice.

2.30 ish. Get the train to the airport for our 5 pm ish flights.